Lyseren is a lake in the municipalities of Enebakk in Akershus county and Spydeberg in Østfold county , Norway .
Varavu Nalla Uravu is a 1990 Indian Tamil film , directed by Visu and produced by Rajam Balachandar .
Batura III , also known as Batura Muztagh III , is a peak in Batura Muztagh of Pakistan , which is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range .
Ramakuppam is a village in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Kurniwadi is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka , India .
Stadion Rankhof is a football stadium in Basel , Switzerland .
Gozar is a village in Firuzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Eslamabad, Dowreh is a village in Teshkan Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Alvan-e Eshareh is a village in Azadeh Rural District , Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Vilakkum Velichavum is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film , directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by Pavamani .
Gorabal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Vayasu Pilichindi is a 1978 Telugu - language film directed by C. V. Sridhar .
Kaharlyk is a town in Kiev Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Paul E. Johnson taught at Princeton University , Yale University , University of Utah , and University of South Carolina .
Vilamana is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala .
The Man with a Cross is a 1943 Italian war film directed by Roberto Rossellini and starring Alberto Tavazzi , Roswita Schmidt and Attilio Dottesio .
Schwaz Heliport is a public use heliport located 15 nm north - northwest of Schwaz , Tirol , Austria .
Cheshmeh Qaleh is a village in Satar Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
San Miguel Huautla is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south - western Mexico .
Dravograd Sports Centre is a multi - purpose stadium in Dravograd , Slovenia .
Bidun Dar, Bardsir is a village in Lalehzar Rural District , Lalehzar District , Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Valfajar is a village in Liravi-ye Miyani Rural District , Imam Hassan District , Deylam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Making Sandwiches is a short film written and directed by American film star Sandra Bullock .
Qeshlaq-e Diz is a village in Shal Rural District , Shahrud District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Javadiyeh, Markazi is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District , Kamareh District , Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Idalhond is a village in Belagavi district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Anjirak, Kermanshah is a village in Jalalvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Track of the Cat is a 1954 Warnercolor Western film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Robert Mitchum and Teresa Wright .
Mellado competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea , representing Santiago Mellado birth nation , El Salvador , in the decathlon .
Ranadheera is a 1988 Indian Kannada language musical action film starring V. Ravichandran and Kushboo in the lead roles .
Main Zinda Hoon is a 1988 Hindi drama film written and directed by Sudhir Mishra , starring Rajendra Gupta , Pankaj Kapur , Deepti Naval and Alok Nath .
Keezhamaligai is a village in the Sendurai taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Kate Knuth has degrees from the University of Chicago and Oxford University , and attended the University of Oslo on a Fulbright Scholarship .
Tila Kenar is a village in Kelarabad Rural District , Kelarabad District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Jacques Presser attended the University of Amsterdam after finishing a commercial vocational college and having worked in an office for two years .
Monster Hunt is a 2015 Chinese - Hong Kong 3D fantasy action comedy adventure film directed by Raman Hui , and starring Bai Baihe and Jing Boran .
Oryad Rural District is a rural district in the Central District of Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Tork-e Gharbi Rural District is a rural district in Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Rider from Tucson is an RKO Pictures 1950 Western film directed by Lesley Selander and starring Tim Holt and Richard Martin .
Soltaniyeh, Razavi Khorasan is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District , in the Central District of Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
A Lonely Place to Die is a 2011 British adventure crime thriller film directed by Julian Gilbey and based on a screenplay from Julian and Will Gilbey .
Orgasmo is a 1969 " giallo " film starring Carroll Baker and Lou Castel and directed by Umberto Lenzi .
Richard R. Nelson ( born 1930 in New York City ) is an American professor of economics at Columbia University .
Shobaraj is a 1986 Indian Malayalam action thriller film directed by J. Sasikumar and starring Mohanlal and Madhavi .
Adguri is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal .
The Last Remake of Beau Geste starred and was also directed and co - written by Marty Feldman .
Aq Ziarat is a village in Kenarporuzh Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Marcos Bonifacio da Rocha is a Brazilian football player .
Varzaneh is the capital city of Bon Rud District , in Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Bayendar is a village in Mojezat Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Born in Santa Coloma de Gramenet , Barcelona , Catalonia , Luis Aloy Vidal played as a midfielder for FC Barcelona between 1950 and 1954 .
Buddy Buddy is a 1981 American comedy film directed by Billy Wilder that stars Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau .
Gajurmukhi is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal .
Qayed Ali is a village in Padena-ye Sofla Rural District , Padena District , Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Shuzo Yajima was a Japanese water polo player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Osku ( , also Romanized as Oskū ; also known as Uzku and Yuzki ) is a city and capital of Osku County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Prince of Arcadia is a 1932 Austrian-German romance film directed by Karl Hartl and starring Willi Forst , Liane Haid and Hedwig Bleibtreu .
Kulamanatti is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka , India .
Yayamari is a mountain in the Vilcanota mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about high .
Qaleh-ye Soltan is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
My New Partner II is a 1990 French comedy film directed by Claude Zidi , starring Philippe Noiret and Thierry Lhermitte .
Shalamzar, Alborz is a village in Hiv Rural District , in the Central District of Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Kokradi ( Kokrady ) is an agricultural village in Dakshina Kannada ( South Canara district ) of Karnataka State in India .
Chahriq Rural District is a rural district in Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dalbar Malek Baqar is a village in Khavashod Rural District , Rud Ab District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Veerapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Give Us the Moon is a 1944 British comedy film directed and written by Val Guest and starring Vic Oliver , Margaret Lockwood , and Peter Graves .
Yuri Nagibin died in Moscow on June 17 , 1994 and was buried at Novodevichy Cemetery .
Banuband is a village in Tazian Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Anjireh, Hormozgan is a village in Mehran Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Qatar Chah is a village in Khangiran Rural District , in the Central District of Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pavilion Lake is a lake in Marble Canyon , British Columbia , Canada .
Mangushi is a village in Buzi Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Wonderful Years is a 1980 West German drama film directed by Reiner Kunze and starring Gabi Marr , Martin May , Dietrich Mattausch and Christine Wodetzky .
Story of My Death is a film directed by Albert Serra .
Javaliqan is a village in Jereh Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Paris Calling is a 1941 war film noir directed by Edwin L. Marin and starring Randolph Scott , Elisabeth Bergner , and Basil Rathbone .
Zavala District is a district of Inhambane Province in south - east Mozambique .
Dom Shahr is a village in Gurband Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Karl Stieler ( December 15 , 1842 in Munich , Germany – April 12 , 1885 in Munich ) was a German lawyer and author .
Cheppu is a 1987 Malayalam language film made in India , directed by Priyadarshan and starring Mohanlal .
Bagh-e Dehneh is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Chaypareh-ye Pain Rural District is a rural district in Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Chirag Kahan Roshni Kahan ( Hindi : चिराग कहाँ रोशनी कहाँ ; – is a 1959 Indian Bollywood film directed and produced by Devendra Goel .
Kattusseri is a small village in Alathur Taluk , in the Palakkad district of Kerala , south India .
Tenom is the capital of the Tenom District in the Interior Division of Sabah , Malaysia .
Safayyeh is a city and capital of Ferdows District , in Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
El Paso County Coliseum is a 6,500-seat multi - purpose arena located in El Paso, Texas .
Kiakola Rural District is a rural district in the Central District of Simorgh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Gonnagar is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Kabgan Rural District is a rural district in Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Qaleh-ye Tasian is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Too Late for Tears is a 1949 film noir crime film directed by Byron Haskin and starring Lizabeth Scott , Don DeFore , Dan Duryea and Arthur Kennedy .
Kansas City Confidential is a 1952 American film noir and crime film directed by Phil Karlson starring John Payne and Coleen Gray .
Suteh, Ramsar is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Abuse of Weakness is a 2013 semi - autobiographical film written and directed by Catherine Breillat .
Flowers from Nice is a 1936 Austrian musical comedy film directed by Augusto Genina and starring Erna Sack , Friedl Czepa and Karl Schönböck .
Muayan Halaili is an Israeli professional association football player .
Kakane Wadi is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra , India .
The New York Ripper is a 1982 Italian " giallo " film directed Lucio Fulci .
The Unguarded Hour is a 1936 film starring Loretta Young and Franchot Tone under the direction of Sam Wood .
The Range Feud is a 1931 American Pre - Code Western film directed by D. Ross Lederman that stars Buck Jones and John Wayne .
Victoria the Great is a 1937 British historical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle , Anton Walbrook and Walter Rilla .
Shonbeh is a city in and capital of Shonbeh and Tasuj District , in Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Rough and the Smooth is a 1959 British drama film directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Nadja Tiller , Tony Britton , William Bendix and Edward Chapman .
Vattinagulapally is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district , Telangana , India .
Jegenstorf Castle is a castle in the municipality of Jegenstorf of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Sulqan Rural District is a rural district in Kan District , Tehran County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Aq Bolagh Rural District is a rural district in Sojas Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Dehaj is a city and capital of Dehaj District , in Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Chuqipata is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru , about high .
McMillan Island is an island in the Fraser River , British Columbia , Canada , also known as McMillan Slough ..
Hanjanatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Devrukh is a town in the tehsil of Sangameshwar in the Ratnagiri district of the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Ali Nazar, West Azerbaijan is a village in Zangebar Rural District , in the Central District of Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sleeping with the Enemy is a 1991 American romantic psychological thriller film directed by Joseph Ruben and starring Julia Roberts , Patrick Bergin and Kevin Anderson .
Herman Diamand graduated in Lviv , then studied at the University of Vienna , Lviv and Chernivtsi and where in 1896 Herman Diamand obtained a doctorate .
Ali Sadr Rural District is a rural district in Gol Tappeh District , Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
M. N. Kaul was born in Kashmir and studied at University of Cambridge and London School of Economics .
Caxambu is a Brazilian municipality in Minas Gerais .
Frans De Mulder ( 17 December 1937 in Kruishoutem – 5 March 2001 in Deinze ) was a professional road racing cyclist from Belgium between 1958 and 1963 .
Mrs Henderson Presents is a 2005 British biographical film written by American playwright Martin Sherman and directed by Stephen Frears .
Felix Braun ( 4 November 1885 , Vienna – 29 November 1973 , Klosterneuburg , Lower Austria ) was an Austrian writer .
Game on Board is a 1936 German comedy crime film directed by Herbert Selpin and starring Viktor de Kowa , Susi Lanner and Alfred Abel .
Zvenigora is a 1928 Soviet silent film by Ukrainian director Alexander Dovzhenko , first shown on April 13 , 1928 .
Hoag was elected as a Democrat to the Forty - first Congress and served from March 4 , 1869 , until Truman H. Hoag death in Washington, D.C.
Colonial Peak is a mountain in the North Cascades of Washington , United States .
Kordian District is a district in Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Tepemaxalco is a town and municipality in Puebla in south - eastern Mexico .
Hiware Korda is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra , India .
The Muppets Take Manhattan is a 1984 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Oz .
Polideportivo Municipal de Manises is a multi - purpose stadium in Manises , Spain .
Krnjin is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Evil Dead II is a 1987 American comedy horror film directed by Sam Raimi and a parody sequel to the 1981 horror film " The Evil Dead " .
A native of Pesaro , he was extremely influential at the time for Nicola Sabbatini pioneering and inventive designs of theater , stage set , lighting and stage machinery .
Love Is Eternal While It Lasts is a 2004 Italian romantic comedy film written , directed and starred by Carlo Verdone .
Eram Rural District is a rural district in Eram District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Little Buddha is a 1993 Italian - French - British drama film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci and starring Chris Isaak , Bridget Fonda and Keanu Reeves as Prince Siddhartha .
Rocky IV is a 1985 American sports drama film written , directed by , and starring Sylvester Stallone .
S*P*Y*S is a 1974 comedy directed by Irvin Kershner and starring Elliott Gould , Donald Sutherland , and Zouzou .
In 2001 , Edwin Brienen wrote , directed , and edited Edwin Brienen debut feature film " Terrorama ! "
Azadeh Rural District is a rural district in Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Marqad is a village in Buin Rural District , Nanur District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Jade Goddess of Mercy or Goddess of Mercy is a 2003 film directed by Ann Hui , starring Zhao Wei and Nicholas Tse .
Dashti-ye Hoseyn Aqa is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Cham Konar, Shushtar is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Third Man on the Mountain is a 1959 American Walt Disney Productions film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Michael Rennie and James MacArthur .
Pannaikadu is a panchayat town in Dindigul district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Dasht-e Sar Rural District was a rural district in Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Freeze Die Come to Life is a 1989 Soviet drama film directed by Vitali Kanevsky .
Macclesfield railway station is a main line station serving the Cheshire town of Macclesfield .
A Walk with Love and Death is a 1969 DeLuxe Color romantic , drama film directed by John Huston .
Kundargi is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka , India .
Little Salt Spring is an archaeological and paleontological site in North Port , Florida , United States .
Alaginayagipuram is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Rah Daneh is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Drishyam is a 2013 Indian Malayalam-language drama-thriller film written and directed by Jeethu Joseph .
Mount Drum is a stratovolcano in the Wrangell Mountains of east - central Alaska in the United States .
Anivsky District is an administrative district of Sakhalin Oblast , Russia ; one of the seventeen in the oblast .
Texada Island is the largest island in the Strait of Georgia of British Columbia , Canada .
Kuvagam is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
El Hierro Airport is the only existing airport on the Island of El Hierro , Spain .
Leskovec, Novo Mesto ( or ) is a settlement in the hills east of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Dharmatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
New Fist of Fury is a 1976 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Lo Wei and starring Jackie Chan .
If Paris Were Told to Us is a 1956 French historical film directed and written by Sacha Guitry .
Vishnu-Devaa stars Sunny Deol , Aditya Pancholi , Neelam Kothari and Sangeeta Bijlani in pivotal roles .
Golabar Rural District is a rural district in the Central District of Ijrud County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Mashhadi, Khuzestan is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bertin Tomou Bayard ( born August 8 , 1978 in Bafoussam ) is a former Cameroonian former football ( soccer ) striker .
Stadion Florian Krygier is a multi - use stadium in Szczecin , Poland .
Gonbad Zia is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Plainsman is a 1936 American Western film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Gary Cooper and Jean Arthur .
Somehow Good is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Fay Compton , Stewart Rome and Dorothy Boyd .
Jaffal, Khuzestan is a village in Jaffal Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Laura Birn was born in Helsinki , Finland .
Pitusiray is a mountain in the Urubamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru .
The Sons of Katie Elder is a 1965 Technicolor Western Panavision film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring John Wayne and Dean Martin .
Danger Route is a 1967 British spy film directed by Seth Holt for Amicus Productions and starring Richard Johnson as Jonas Wilde , Carol Lynley and Barbara Bouchet .
Born in Virum , Klaus Berggreen started playing football at nearby club Lyngby Boldklub at the age of six .
Strange Illusion is a 1945 film noir crime film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer and starring Jimmy Lydon , Warren William and Sally Eilers .
Rihards Dubra ( born 28 February 1964 in Riga , Latvian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Latvian composer .
Belegali is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
Gatewadi is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra , India .
Mehdiabad, Khomeyn is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District , Kamareh District , Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Black Holiday is a 1973 Italian political drama film directed by Marco Leto and starring Adolfo Celi .
The Flying Doctor is a 1936 Australian - British drama film directed by Miles Mander and starring Charles Farrell , Mary Maguire and James Raglan .
Fulagaddi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Kabut Sutra Ungu is a 1979 Indonesian film directed by Sjumandjaja and starring Jenny Rachman , Roy Marten , and El Manik .
Watch Your Stern is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Gerald Thomas and starring Kenneth Connor , Eric Barker and Leslie Phillips .
Finding Mercy is a 2013 Nigerian drama film produced and directed by Desmond Elliot , and starring Rita Dominic , Blossom Chukwujekwu , Uti Nwachukwu and Chioma Chukwuka .
Ab Barik, Khuzestan is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Albrecht Schuch was born in 1985 in Jena , East Germany .
Hasan Abdali is a village in Mojezat Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Sharabian is a city in Mehraban District , Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nutty, Naughty Chateau is a 1963 French - Italian comedy film directed by Roger Vadim starring Monica Vitti .
Notes of Love is a 1998 Italian - French romance film directed by Mimmo Calopresti .
Giriyal is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
Chal Gonbad is a village in Neyzar Rural District , Salafchegan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Datanal is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
Bachanakeri is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Anna in Kungfuland is a 2003 Hong Kong romantic comedy martial arts film directed by Raymond Yip , and starring Miriam Yeung and Ekin Cheng .
Women in the Wind is a 1939 film directed by John Farrow , starring Kay Francis , William Gargan and Victor Jory .
Popi is a 1969 American comedy - drama film directed by Arthur Hiller , and starring Alan Arkin and Rita Moreno .
The Perfect Specimen is a 1937 film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Errol Flynn and Joan Blondell .
Dhulikoppa is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
Keelakudiyiruppu is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Safiabad, Zaveh is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Zaveh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Asiyab-e Shekasteh is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Paljas ( meaning " magic " or to cast a spell ) is an Afrikaans language South African film that was released in 1997 .
Duivenvoorde Castle is a castle in the town of Voorschoten , South Holland , in the Netherlands .
Riz Rural District is a rural district in the Riz District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Darvishi, Khuzestan is a village in Jaffal Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Grise Fiord Airport is located in Grise Fiord , Nunavut , Canada , and is operated by the Government of Nunavut .
That Girl in Yellow Boots is a 2011 Indian thriller film by director Anurag Kashyap , starring Kalki Koechlin and Naseeruddin Shah .
The Vengeance of Fu Manchu is a 1967 British film directed by Jeremy Summers and starring Christopher Lee , Horst Frank , Douglas Wilmer and Tsai Chin .
Borj-e Eyvaz is a village in Zalian Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Habibabad, Shushtar is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Andipattakkadu is a village and Gram panchayat in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Giyan Rural District is a rural district in Giyan District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Coklat Stroberi ( Chocolate Strawberry ) is a 2007 Indonesian teen drama comedy directed by Ardy Octaviand and written by Upi Avianto .
Conversation with the Beast is a 1996 film directed by Armin Mueller-Stahl , and written by Mueller - Stahl and Tom Abrams .
Saint-Marc-du-Cor is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France .
Rudi Ball was born in Berlin , Germany and died in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Bagarmossen metro station is on the green line of the Stockholm metro , located in Bagarmossen , Söderort in the south of Stockholm .
A Cat in the Brain is a 1990 Italian horror film written and directed by the " Italian godfather of gore " Lucio Fulci . "
Suzesh is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District , in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Palunku stars Mammootty in the lead role with Baby Nazriya Nazim , Lakshmi Sharma , Baby Nivedita , Kottayam Santha and Jagathy Sreekumar playing other pivotal roles .
Thaniyavarthanam is a 1987 Malayalam drama film written by A. K. Lohithadas and directed by Sibi Malayil .
Aleshtar is a city in and capital of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
En Manaivi was a 1942 Tamil language film produced by Avichi Meiyappa Chettiar and directed by Sundar Rao Nadkarni .
Wila Chunkara is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru , about high .
Bondar Rural District is a rural district in the Senderk District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Jhandapur is a village in Sirathu Tehsil of Kaushambi district in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Om Allah is an upcoming film directed by Sameer Khan who was once associate director to Faisal Saif .
Ferdinand Le Quesne served in the Second Boer War in South Africa , from which Ferdinand Le Quesne returned in August 1902 .
Late Blossom is a 2011 South Korean film written and directed by Choo Chang-min about the love story of two elderly couples .
Give a Girl a Break is a 1953 musical comedy film directed by Stanley Donen , starring Debbie Reynolds and the dance team of Marge and Gower Champion .
Days of Love is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Giuseppe De Santis .
Lamerica is a 1994 Italian drama film directed by Gianni Amelio .
Kadatanbagewadi is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka , India .
Suriyan Chandiran is a 1993 Tamil language drama film directed by K. S. Ravikumar .
Sullu Marka is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about high .
Little Cop is a 1989 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Eric Tsang , starring Tsang and Natalis Chan .
Mujahid Kamran is a Pakistani theoretical physicist and the former vice - chancellor of the University of the Punjab in Lahore , Pakistan .
Act of Reprisal is a 1964 American drama film directed by Erricos Andreou and Robert Tronson and starring Ina Balin , Jeremy Brett and Giannis Voglis .
Mont Poupet is a mountain in the Jura Mountains , Bourgogne - Franche - Comté , eastern France .
Panniyoor is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala .
Qeydu is a village in Galehzan Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Hollars is a 2016 American comedy - drama film directed by John Krasinski and written by James C. Strouse .
Avrahm Yarmolinsky also taught in the Columbia University and the City College of New York .
Allen M. Christensen attended Brigham Young University , Utah State University and Weber State University .
The Bandit of Zhobe is a 1959 British CinemaScope adventure film directed by John Gilling and starring Victor Mature , Anne Aubrey and Anthony Newley .
Bi Bi Shirvan is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Terwa Dahigawan is a village in the Hardoi district of Uttar Pradesh state of India .
Bijgerd is a village in Barf Anbar Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Vyara is a town and the district headquarters of the Tapi district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
The Lady in Question is a 1940 American comedy drama film directed by Charles Vidor and starring Brian Aherne , Rita Hayworth and Glenn Ford .
Athimugam is a village in the Shoolagiri taluk of Krishnagiri district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Just Married is a 2003 American romantic comedy film directed by Shawn Levy , written by Sam Harper , and stars Ashton Kutcher and Brittany Murphy .
Mehraban-e Sofla Rural District is a rural district in Gol Tappeh District , Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Asadollah Kandi is a village in Chaldoran - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chapoli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Ucharpi is a village in Mehsana district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Bardwell Valley, New South Wales is a suburb in southern Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Deadly Maria , is a 1993 German film directed by Tom Tykwer .
Nicki Pedersen ( born 2 April 1977 in Odense , Denmark ) is a Danish motorcycle speedway rider .
The Mexican is a 2001 American comedy film directed by Gore Verbinski and starring Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts .
Manhattan Night of Murder is a 1965 German thriller film directed by Harald Philipp and starring George Nader , Heinz Weiss and Monika Grimm .
Crazy Crooks is a 1980 Hong Kong comedy film produced and directed by Karl Maka and starring Dean Shek and Maka .
Ekambarakuppam is a village in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Born in Kaohsiung , Taiwan , Empire of Japan , Chang Chau-hsiung was a physician who graduated from National Taiwan University with an MD in 1967 .
Werner March was born in Charlottenburg and died in Berlin .
Afghan Breakdown is a 1991 war drama film about the Soviet – Afghan War directed by Vladimir Bortko and co - produced by Italy and the Soviet Union .
Condemned to Death is a 1932 British crime film directed by Walter Forde and starring Arthur Wontner , Gillian Lind and Gordon Harker .
Jainapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Le acrobate is a 1997 Italian drama film directed by Silvio Soldini and starring Licia Maglietta and Valeria Golino .
Franz Jonas address to the 1970 World Congress of Esperanto , which was held in Vienna , was delivered in Esperanto .
Tarcutta Hills Reserve is a nature reserve on the lower western slopes of the Great Dividing Range in central west New South Wales , Australia .
Athur Thottam is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Mendi Airport is an airport in Mendi , Papua New Guinea .
Do Rudkhaneh is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Mackintosh Man is a 1973 British - American Cold War spy thriller film , directed by John Huston and starring Paul Newman , Dominique Sanda and James Mason .
Kings Park, New South Wales is a suburb of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Beasts of the Southern Wild is a 2012 American drama film directed , co - written , and co - scored by Benh Zeitlin .
Mont-Joli Airport is located north northwest of Mont-Joli , Quebec , Canada .
Tolombeh-ye Vahdat-e Yek is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Abu Ghizlan is a village in Minubar Rural District , Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dormant Beauty is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio and starring Toni Servillo and Isabelle Huppert .
Christophe Hondelatte ( born 17 December 1962 in Bayonne , France ) is a French television and radio host who has worked for BFMTV since fall 2014 .
Men with Brooms is a 2002 Canadian romantic comedy film , starring and directed by Paul Gross .
Khondab is a city and capital of Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Thogummi is a village in West Godavari district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Ralph A. Gamble graduated from Princeton University in 1909 , from George Washington University Law School in 1911 , and from Columbia Law School in 1912 .
Hulikatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Haji Kahu is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Frenchie is a 1950 American Technicolor Western film directed by Louis King starring Joel McCrea and Shelley Winters .
Qaleh-ye Hadi Chakmeh Siah is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Ray Allen Billington taught at Clark University , Smith College , Northwestern University , and served as Harold Vyvyan Harmsworth Visiting Professor of American History at Oxford University .
Deconstructing Harry is a 1997 comedy film written and directed by Woody Allen .
Shirin Bolagh, Qom is a village in Qomrud Rural District , in the Central District of Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
The Young Land is a 1959 American Western drama film directed by Ted Tetzlaff starring Patrick Wayne and Dennis Hopper .
Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District is a rural district in Tarhan District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bawanbir is a village , in Sangrampur tehsil of Buldhana district , Maharashtra State , India .
Reid N. Nibley was a professor at the University of Utah , the University of Michigan , The University of Southern California and Brigham Young University ( BYU ) .
Buckbarrow is a small fell in the English Lake District overlooking the western end of Wastwater .
Hasan Arfa ( 1895 in Tbilisi – 1983 in Monte Carlo ) was an Iranian general and ambassador to the Pahlavi dynasty .
Wrong Side Up is a 2005 Czech comedy - drama film written and directed by Petr Zelenka .
Gojage is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Chhitauni is a village in Kushinagar district of Uttar Pradesh , India .
A Time Out of War is a 1954 American short war film directed by Denis Sanders and starring Corey Allen and Barry Atwater .
Safi Khun is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lin Shu was born in Fuzhou and died in Beijing .
Mehdi Mohammed Zeyo was a Libyan middle manager for a state oil company in Benghazi , Libya .
Chios Island National Airport is an airport on the island of Chios in Greece .
Hoseynabad, Qom is a village in Neyzar Rural District , Salafchegan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Land of Widows a 21-minute Indian documentary film directed by Aarti Shrivastava .
Shonbeh Rural District is a rural district in Shonbeh and Tasuj District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Bhoomiyude Avakashikal is a 2012 Malayalam feature film written and directed by T. V. Chandran .
Wariri is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru , about high .
Devarashigihalli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Chakkikotha Chankaran is 1989 Malayalam comedy film , made in India , starring Jayaram and Urvashi .
Chukam Rural District is a rural district in Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Shalil Rural District is a rural district in Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Hell to Eternity is a 1960 American World War II film starring Jeffrey Hunter , David Janssen , Vic Damone and Patricia Owens , directed by Phil Karlson .
In 2001 , Stephen Chow film " Shaolin Soccer " grossed over US$ 50 million worldwide .
Elandakudam is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Very Annie Mary is a 2001 comedy film and musical from Wales , written and directed by Sara Sugarman and starring Rachel Griffiths and Jonathan Pryce .
Bilebal is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
Maple Mountain High School is a public high school in Spanish Fork , Utah , United States that serves the Spanish Fork and Mapleton areas .
Prison Breaker is a 1936 British crime drama film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring James Mason , Wally Patch , Marguerite Allan and George Merritt .
Shah Mohammadi is a village in Sornabad Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
She Married Her Boss is a 1935 film directed by Gregory La Cava , and starring Claudette Colbert and Melvyn Douglas .
After World War II Otto Graf Lambsdorff passed Otto Graf Lambsdorff Abitur and studied law at the Universities of Bonn and Cologne where Otto Graf Lambsdorff obtained a PhD.
Thisayanvilai is a panchayat town in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Porzinastan is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District , Shadravan District , Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Akimiski Island is the largest island in James Bay , Canada , which is part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the territory of Nunavut .
Johanna Benson is a Paralympian athlete from Walvis Bay , Namibia .
Wararayuq is a mountain in the Paryaqaqa mountain range in the Andes of Peru .
Adraspalle is a village in Ranga Reddy district , in Telangana , India .
Farsta metro station is on the green line of the Stockholm metro , located in Farsta , Söderort .
Henrys Lake is located at above sea level in the mountains of southeastern Idaho in the United States .
Shahrak-e Meysam is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Gorgab, Semnan is a village in Torud Rural District , in the Central District of Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Dragon Lord is a 1982 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Jackie Chan , who also starred in the film .
Gonj Kesur is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
De Windhond is a windmill in the city of Woerden , Netherlands .
Yekkeh Pesteh is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Born to a Jewish family in Brooklyn , Arthur M. Sackler attended New York University School of Medicine and graduated with a M.D.
Comerford Reservoir is a impoundment located on the Connecticut River on the boundary between Vermont and New Hampshire in the United States .
According to information he provided to Dominique You masonic lodge in New Orleans , he was born in Cette in Languedoc , France .
Thrithallur is a village in Thrissur district , Kerala , which is a state of India .
The Man Who Loved Redheads is a 1955 British comedy film directed by Harold French and starring Moira Shearer , John Justin and Roland Culver .
Baba Khan is a village in Korani Rural District , Korani District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Juan Alonzo represented Cuba at the 1938 FIFA World Cup in France .
Abiz-e Jadid is a village in Shaskuh Rural District , Central District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Montdois is a mountain of the Guilleries Massif , Catalonia , Spain .
Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District is a rural district in Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Baltimore Bullet was directed by Robert Ellis Miller and starred James Coburn , Bruce Boxleitner and Omar Sharif . "
Edavakkudi is a village in the Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Weischlitz is a municipality in the Vogtlandkreis district , in Saxony , Germany .
The Moro Affair is a 1986 Italian crime film directed by Giuseppe Ferrara about the kidnapping of Aldo Moro in 1978 .
Khomeh Rural District is a rural district in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kalleh-ye Yari is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Feyzollah is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mongezhdi is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Erik the Viking is a 1989 British comedy-fantasy film written and directed by Terry Jones .
The Last Gangster is a 1937 American crime drama film directed by Edward Ludwig and starring Edward G. Robinson , James Stewart , and Rose Stradner .
Krupa na Vrbasu is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Shahzadeh Ebrahim is a village in Kahak Rural District , Kahak District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Bishr the Barefoot was born in Merv and settled at Baghdad
Qaleh-ye Shahpur Khani is a village in Hamaijan Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Qalandar Kashteh is a village in Horgan Rural District , in the Central District of Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Joseph von Henikstein died in Vienna , Austria .
Gurak-e Soleymani is a village in Delvar Rural District , Delvar District , Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Cool Hand Luke is a 1967 American prison drama film directed by Stuart Rosenberg , starring Paul Newman and featuring George Kennedy in an Oscar - winning performance .
Khush Murd is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kudremani is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka , India .
Kumbakudy is a village in Tiruchirappalli taluk of Tiruchirappalli district in Tamil Nadu , India .
Homesdale is a 1971 Australian film directed by Peter Weir . "
Raja Rishi is a 1985 Indian Tamil film directed by K. Shankar and produced by N. Sakunthala .
Schoolgirl Diary is a 1941 Italian drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Alida Valli .
Karungali is a Tamil film directed by Kalanjiyam .
Five Paupers in an Automobile is a 1952 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Eduardo De Filippo .
Chahar Mazu is a village in Aq Su Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
An Evening with Orson Welles is a series of six short films created in 1970 by Orson Welles , for the exclusive use of Sears , Roebuck & Co.
Alnatham is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Davide Tizzano ( born 21 May 1968 in Naples ) is a retired rower from Italy and a double Olympic gold medalist .
Redemption Road is a 2010 American film directed by Mario Van Peebles and starring Michael Clarke Duncan and Luke Perry .
Jakkaratti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Hajjali is a village in Chamsangar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pearsoll Peak is a mountain in the Klamath Mountains of southwestern Oregon in the United States .
Abravan Rural District is a rural district in Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Liberti died at age 60 in a clinic in Saint-Laurent-du-Var , near Nice , where he underwent surgery on Enzo Liberti heart .
Asiyab-e Mir Naser is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Punrasar is a village in Bikaner district in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Bartell LaRue wrote , directed and produced the film " Satan War " ( 1979 ) .
The Turkish Passion is a 1994 Spanish film , written and directed by Vicente Aranda adapted from a popular novel by Antonio Gala .
Kharabeh-ye Qaderlu is a village in Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Guglielmo Pizzirani , was an Italian painter and teacher , belonging to the modernist group " Gruppo Moderno Italiano " , and active in Bologna , Italy .
Karisavayal is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Kerema Airport is an airport in Kerema , Papua New Guinea .
Safra-ye Moqaddam is a village in Buzi Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Winners and Sinners is a 1983 Hong Kong action comedy film written and directed by Sammo Hung , who also starred in the film .
Lettera aperta a un giornale della sera is a 1970 Italian drama film directed by Francesco Maselli .
The Whistleblower is a 2010 Canadian-German-American biographical crime drama film directed by Larysa Kondracki and starring Rachel Weisz .
The King and the Mockingbird ( , literally " The King and the Bird " ) is a 1980 traditionally animated feature film directed by Paul Grimault .
The Romantic Englishwoman is a 1975 British film directed by Joseph Losey and starring Michael Caine , Glenda Jackson , Helmut Berger .
Hoseynabad-e Khani, Arzuiyeh - e Khani is a village in Dehsard Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Jaberi, Khuzestan is a village in Jaffal Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Darreh Key Salehi is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Shoot Twice ( , ) is a 1969 Italian Western film directed by Nando Cicero and starring Klaus Kinski and Antonio Sabàto .
Khachatur Abovian was born in 1809 in the village of Kanaker , then part of the Qajar Persian Empire , and now a district of Yerevan , Armenia .
Stemnitsa is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Trikolonoi , Arcadia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Kadakkarappally is a village in Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala .
Makineh-ye Ebrahim is a village in Buzi Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kaseliyan Rural District is a rural district in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Reservoir Dogs is a 1992 American heist film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino in Reservoir Dogs feature - length debut .
Dadpally is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district , Telangana , India .
Passport to Paradise is a 1932 American drama film directed by George B. Seitz and starring Jack Mulhall .
Narestan Rural District is a rural district in Aqda District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Chekneh is a city in Sarvelayat District , in Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Todra is a census town in Sawai Madhopur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
The success of the film prompted Thiagarajan to make his directorial debut titled " Salem Vishnu " , based on the character which he had played in that film .
Pasakuh Rural District is a rural district in Zavin District , Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Orhangazi is a rural district of Bursa Province in Turkey .
Otto Brunner taught at the University of Vienna and later the University of Hamburg .
Geminio Ognio was born in Recco and died in Rome .
Aramboor is a small village in the Sullia taluk of the Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka , India .
Qanibeyglu Rural District is a rural district in Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Taherabad-e Sofla is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cattle Empire is a 1958 Western DeLuxe Color movie in CinemaScope directed by Charles Marquis Warren , starring Joel McCrea and released by 20th Century Fox .
Edgar J. Kaufmann graduated from Shady Side Academy , a boarding school in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , and Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut .
Latouche Island is an island in the southern part of Alaska , United States .
Huseyn Muradov , better known by Huseyn Derya stage name Huseyn Derya , was an award - winning Azerbaijani rapper and actor from Baku , Azerbaijan .
Regular Lovers is a 2005 French independent coming - of - age romantic drama film directed by Philippe Garrel and starring Regular Lovers son , actor Louis Garrel .
Askestan is a village in Shahrud Rural District , Shahrud District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Chikkanadihalli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Gandey block is a community development block that forms an administrative division in the Giridih Sadar subdivision of Giridih district in the Indian state of Jharkhand .
Davan is a village in Deris Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sweet and Lowdown is a 1999 American comedy - drama film written and directed by Woody Allen .
William Eggleston in the Real World is a documentary film about the photographer William Eggleston directed by Michael Almereyda and released in 2005 .
Jaane Kahan Se Aayi Hai stars Riteish Deshmukh , Jacqueline Fernandez , Sonal Sehgal and Ruslaan Mumtaz in lead roles .
Madame Makes Her Exit is a 1932 German romantic comedy film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and starring Liane Haid , Hans Brausewetter , Hilde Hildebrand .
Fakhrud Rural District is a rural district in Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
After graduating from Harvard in 1948 and moving to New York City , Kenneth Koch studied for and received Kenneth Koch Ph.D. from Columbia University .
Njangal Santhushtaranu is a 1999 Malayalam film , made in India , starring Jayaram .
Better Than Chocolate is a 1999 Canadian romantic comedy movie shot in Vancouver directed by Anne Wheeler .
Mismatched Couples is a 1985 Hong Kong action romantic comedy film directed by Yuen Woo-ping and starring Mismatched Couples alongside Donnie Yen .
Raid Peak is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Arkavazi Rural District is a rural district in Chavar District , Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Voodoo Man is a 1944 American horror film directed by William Beaudine and starring Bela Lugosi , John Carradine , and George Zucco .
Encino Man is a 1992 American comedy film directed by Les Mayfield and starring Brendan Fraser , Sean Astin and Pauly Shore .
Kang Seong-jung is a South Korean field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Sunqu Urqu is a mountain in the Arequipa Region in the Andes of Peru , about high .
White Crown Mountain is a mountain in the Princess Margaret Range on Axel Heiberg Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Vladimir Batez is a Serbian politician and a retired volleyball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Dmitri Furman was born in Moscow , graduated from Moscow State University , and defended his PhD thesis " Religion and social conflicts in US " in 1981 .
Jamak Zehi is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Jaghin-e Jonubi Rural District is a rural district in the Jaghin District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Trading Places is a 1983 American comedy film directed by John Landis and starring Dan Aykroyd and Eddie Murphy .
Bahreman is a city and capital of Nuq District , in Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Konartakhteh is a city and capital of Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District , in Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ayene is a town in Equatorial Guinea .
The Big Boss is a 1971 Hong Kong martial arts action film written and directed by Lo Wei , with assistance from Bruce Lee .
Distant Voices, Still Lives is a 1988 British film directed and written by Terence Davies .
Bharath Stores is a 2012 Indian Kannada film directed by P. Sheshadri , starring Sudharani , H. G. Dattatreya , Chi Guru Dutt , V. Manohar and others .
Nightkill is a 1980 West German - American thriller film directed by Ted Post and starring Robert Mitchum and Jaclyn Smith .
Through Fire and Water is a 1923 British silent adventure film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Clive Brook , Flora le Breton and Lawford Davidson .
Sven-Eric Liedman is a Swedish author and Professor Emeritus of History of Ideas at the University of Gothenburg in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Dikgang Mabalane ( born 28 December 1979 in Soweto , Gauteng ) is a South African football ( soccer ) right - winger who currently plays for Moroka Swallows .
Dentist in the Chair is a 1960 British comedy film , directed by Don Chaffey and starring Bob Monkhouse , Ronnie Stevens , Eric Barker and Vincent Ball .
Thakazhy is a village in Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala .
Kolah Ghermezi and Bache Naneh literally meaning " Kolah Ghermezi and the Spoilt Kid " is a 2012 Iranian film directed by Iraj Tahmasb .
Our Miss Doctor is a 1940 German comedy film directed by Erich Engel and starring Jenny Jugo , Albert Matterstock and Heinz Salfner .
Suburban Commando is a 1991 American science fiction comedy film starring Hulk Hogan , Christopher Lloyd and Shelley Duvall .
Adam Falkenstein was born in Planegg , near Munich in Bavaria and died in Heidelberg .
Korkhongan is a village in Isar Rural District , Marvast District , Khatam County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Dangerous Beauty is a 1998 American biographical drama film directed by Marshall Herskovitz and starring Catherine McCormack , Rufus Sewell , and Oliver Platt .
Juna Savar is a village in the Amreli district of Gujarat , India .
Three Faces West is a 1940 American drama film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring John Wayne , Sigrid Gurie and Charles Coburn .
Les Bonnes Femmes is a French comedic drama directed by Claude Chabrol .
A Sunday in the Country is a 1984 French film directed by Bertrand Tavernier .
Ulitsa Starokachalovskaya is a station on the Butovskaya Line of the Moscow Metro subway system in Moscow , Russia .
Alibi Ike is a 1935 American romantic comedy film directed by Ray Enright and starring Joe E. Brown and Olivia de Havilland .
Zeberkhan Rural District is a rural district in Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Nur Mohammad Kandi-ye Sofla is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Thiruveezhimizhalai is a village in the Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Berlin Express is a 1948 American drama film directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Robert Ryan , Merle Oberon and Paul Lukas .
Nevados de Poquis is a mountain in the Andes of Chile , close to the border with Argentina .
Mirza Panak is a village in Yanqaq Rural District in the Central District of Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
John Jacob Rogers was born in Lowell, Massachusetts and graduated from Harvard University in 1904 and from Harvard Law School in 1907 .
Kand-e Qabrestan is a village in Vardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Melchhamunda is a village in Bargarh district in the Indian state Odisha .
Blazing Saddles is a 1974 American satirical Western film directed by Mel Brooks .
A Thunder of Drums is a 1961 Western directed by Joseph M. Newman and starring Richard Boone , George Hamilton and Luana Patten .
Gerivan is a village in Aladagh Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Podaa Podi is a 2012 Indian Tamil romantic musical film written and directed by debutant Vignesh Shivan , starring Silambarasan and Varalaxmi Sarathkumar .
Jill Perryman AM MBE ( born 1933 ) is an Australian stage actress and singer , born in Melbourne .
Hale Tegur is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
Blonde Ice is a 1948 American crime film noir directed by Jack Bernhard and starring Leslie Brooks , Robert Paige and Michael Whalen .
Io e mia sorella is a 1987 Italian comedy film written , directed and starred by Carlo Verdone .
Kavarapattu is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
A Guy Thing is a 2003 American comedy film directed by Chris Koch and starring Jason Lee , Julia Stiles and Selma Blair .
Waiting for Guffman is a 1997 American mockumentary comedy film co - written and directed by Christopher Guest .
Kolartsi is a village in Tervel Municipality , Dobrich Province , in northeastern Bulgaria .
Stahlhofen is an " Ortsgemeinde " – a community belonging to a " Verbandsgemeinde " – in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Kuselan is a 2008 Indian Tamil language drama film directed by P. Vasu .
Heidersdorf is a municipality in the district Erzgebirgskreis , in Saxony , Germany .
Kalappanaickenpatti is a panchayat town in Namakkal district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu
Kanavihonnapura is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
He Snoops to Conquer is a 1944 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel starring George Formby , Robertson Hare , Elizabeth Allan , and Claude Bailey .
Ten Thousand Bedrooms is a 1957 film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Dean Martin , Anna Maria Alberghetti , and Eva Bartok .
Strange Impersonation is a 1946 American film noir drama film directed by Anthony Mann and starring Brenda Marshall , William Gargan and Hillary Brooke .
Franklintown Historic District is a national historic district in Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Goalandaghat Upazila or Goalanda is an Upazila of Rajbari District in the Division of Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Serghei Gheorghiev in Chirsova , Moldova is an ethnic Bulgarian footballer who plays as a Midfielder .
Takht-e Qeysar is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kariz-e Bedaq is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District , Qalandarabad District , Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gambacorta Peak is a peak , high , standing east of Mount Kaschak in the southern Neptune Range , Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
The Color of Pomegranates is a 1969 Soviet art film written and directed by Sergei Parajanov .
Tres Arroyos Airport is an airport serving Tres Arroyos , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Ka Rostam is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District , Alut District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Sunil Gangopadhyay studied at the Surendranath College , Dum Dum Motijheel College , City College, Kolkata - all affiliated with the University of Calcutta .
Not Quite a Lady is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Mabel Poulton , Janet Alexander and Barbara Gott .
Luke Madill ( born 28 May 1980 in Sydney ) is an Australian BMX cyclist who was selected to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Vembadithalam is a small village in Salem district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Monte Meidassa is a peak in the Cottian Alps , in western Piedmont , northern Italy .
Ammakandakara is a village in Adoor Municipality Pallickal Panchayath in Pathanamthitta district , Kerala , India .
Talkhab-e Nazer is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mud Rural District is a rural district in Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Veettoda Mappillai is a 2001 Tamil language comedy film directed by V. Sekhar .
Peruchazhi is a 2014 Indian Malayalam-language political satire comedy film written and directed by Arun Vaidyanathan .
Oleg Grabar served on the faculty of the University of Michigan in 1954 - 69 , before moving to Harvard University as a full professor .
Qeshlaq-e Pain is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District , Khvajeh District , Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Anchatgeri is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
Peter Ester studied sociology at Utrecht University and got promoted in economics at Erasmus University Rotterdam .
Four Steps in the Clouds is a 1942 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Alessandro Blasetti , starring Gino Cervi and Adriana Benetti .
McNichols Sports Arena was an indoor arena located in Denver , Colorado .
Orpe is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia and Hesse , Germany .
Qazi-ye Bala is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District , Salafchegan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Schlehdorf Abbey is located at Schlehdorf , on the extreme northern edge of the Bavarian Alps on the Kochelsee south of Munich , Germany .
Alang is a census town in Bhavnagar district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Eliminedu is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district , Telangana , India .
Saywa Punta is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about high .
Count Woronzeff is a 1934 German film directed by Arthur Robison and starring Albrecht Schoenhals , Hansi Knoteck and Willy Birgel .
Madharam is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district , Telangana , India .
Balareguramasamudram is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Gutaguddi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Abali Rural District is a rural district in Rudehen District , Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Chikkanandi is a village in Gokak Taluka of Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
You, the Living is a 2007 Swedish black comedy - drama film written and directed by Roy Andersson .
Tameshkol Rural District is a rural district in Nashta District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Born in Brooklyn , New York , Lester Persky attended Brooklyn College before serving in the Merchant Navy during World War II .
The Exorcism of Emily Rose is a 2005 American supernatural horror trial film directed by Scott Derrickson and starring Laura Linney and Tom Wilkinson .
Stadio Comunale di Monigo is a sports stadium in Treviso , Italy .
Young Toscanini is a 1988 Italian - French biographical drama film directed by Franco Zeffirelli and starring C. Thomas Howell and Elizabeth Taylor .
Voimedu is a village in Vedaranyam taluk , Nagapattinam district in Tamil Nadu , India .
The Boycotted Baby is a 1917 American silent comedy film directed by and starring Oliver Hardy .
Chuqllu Chuqllu or Chhuxllu Chhuxllu is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about high .
Dulgan is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Close Friends is a 1992 Italian teen drama film directed by Michele Placido .
Qolqol Rud Rural District is a rural district in Qolqol Rud District , Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Hjulsta metro station is a station on the blue line of the Stockholm metro , located in Hjulsta , northern Stockholm .
The Bloody Hands of the Law is a 1973 Italian crime film directed by Mario Gariazzo and starring Klaus Kinski .
Jenah is a city and capital of Jenah District , in Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Halakusugal is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
in 1994 , Boutonnat directed Laurent Boutonnat first feature film , Giorgino , based on an idea he had had for many years .
Viroli is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra , India .
Hole in the Moon is a 1964 Israeli avant - garde-satiric movie directed by Uri Zohar .
Ylli Bufi ( born 25 May 1948 , Tirana ) is an Albanian politician who served briefly as the 26th Prime Minister of Albania in 1991 .
Based in the town of Vejle , Denmark , T-Rex Engineering was founded in 1996 by friends Lars Dahl - Jorgensen and Sebastian Jensen .
The Flowers of St. Francis is a 1950 film directed by Roberto Rossellini and co - written by Federico Fellini .
Kumaramangalam is a village in Namakkal district in Tamil Nadu state in India .
Kubin Airport is an airfield near Kubin , a village on Moa Island , one of the Torres Strait Islands in Queensland , Australia .
Vendar ( വെണ്ടാർ ) is a village in Kottarakara taluk , Kollam district , Kerala , India .
Alexandre do Nascimento ( born 1 March 1925 ) is an Angolan Cardinal of the Catholic Church .
O atsidas is a 1962 Greek comedy film directed by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Dinos Iliopoulos , Zoi Laskari and Vangelis Protopappas .
Kummera is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district , Telangana , India .
Dubbacherla is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district , Telangana , India .
Pietro Bonomo was born into an important family in Trieste , and studied at the University of Bologna .
Most of Pieter Codde best - remembered works were executed in Amsterdam and are small - scale paintings .
Hosakatti is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
Kurgal is a village in Qomrud Rural District , in the Central District of Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Khodanapur is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka , India .
Sharif, Khuzestan is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kashmar is a city and the capital of Kashmar County , in Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Thea Roland or The Adventure of Thea Roland is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Lil Dagover , Hans Rehmann and Margarete Kupfer .
Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District is a rural district in Shirgah District , Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Franz Beck was a Liechtenstein alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics and in the 1956 Winter Olympics .
Charles Mills Gayley earned Charles Mills Gayley Doctorate at the University of Michigan and briefly served there as an Assistant Professor of English and Latin .
Dhampus is a village and Village Development Committee in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern - central Nepal .
Gadilanka is a village in Mummidivaram mandal of East Godavari district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Dead Body on Broadway is a 1969 German thriller film directed by Harald Reinl and starring George Nader , Heinz Weiss and Heidy Bohlen .
Kargan, Ardabil is a village in Hir Rural District , Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Frank Bridge was born in Brighton and studied at the Royal College of Music in London from 1899 to 1903 under Charles Villiers Stanford and others .
Midnight Mary is a 1933 American pre - Code crime drama film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Loretta Young , Ricardo Cortez , and Franchot Tone .
Mount Feldkotter is a mountain in Antarctica , high , standing south of Gambacorta Peak in the southern Neptune Range , Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
Diary of a Country Priest is a 1951 French film written and directed by Robert Bresson , and starring Claude Laydu .
Pol Beh Bala Rural District is a rural district in Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Chah-e Kondeh is a village in Keybar Rural District , Jolgeh Zozan District , Khaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Murder Without Crime is a 1951 British crime film directed by J. Lee Thompson and starring Dennis Price , Derek Farr and Patricia Plunkett .
Born in Jerusalem during the Mandate era , Yehezkel Flomin attended the Tikhon Alef high school in Tel Aviv before studying law and economics at Tel Aviv University .
The Anomaly is a 2014 British science fiction action thriller film directed and co - produced by and starring Noel Clarke and also featuring Ian Somerhalder and Luke Hemsworth .
David Grant Colson was in Yellow Creek ( now Middlesboro, Kentucky ) , Knox ( now Bell ) County , Kentucky .
Qaleh-ye Deh Khanjan is a village in Dinavar Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Borj Hajji Mohammad Taqi is a village in Bahadoran Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Nirbaak is an Indian Bengali Drama film directed by Srijit Mukherji , starring Sushmita Sen , Jisshu Sengupta , Ritwick Chakraborty and Anjan Dutt .
Sunshine Cleaning is a 2008 comedy - drama film directed by Christine Jeffs and starring Amy Adams and Emily Blunt .
Kalateh-ye Barfi is a village in Tus Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jalalpore is a city and a Municipality in Navsari district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Nasirabad, Arsanjan is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District , in the Central District of Arsanjan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bermuda Street is a road on the Gold Coast from Bundall to Burleigh Heads in Queensland , Australia .
Hamadan Seljeh is a village in Karkheh Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Cardinal Messias is a 1939 Italian historical drama film directed by Goffredo Alessandrini and starring Camillo Pilotto , Enrico Glori and Mario Ferrari .
The Killing of a Chinese Bookie is a 1976 American crime film directed and written by John Cassavetes and starring Ben Gazzara .
Jenah Rural District is a rural district in the Jenah District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Bride Walks Out is a 1936 American romantic comedy film directed by Leigh Jason and starring Barbara Stanwyck , Gene Raymond , and Robert Young .
Mavichery is a village which is the part of Pariyaram Gramapanchayath in the Kannur district of Kerala , India .
Hunshikatti is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Khuk Ab is a village in Karizan Rural District , Nasrabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Nadan Pennum Natupramaniyum is a 2000 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Rajasenan .
Sandviken, Norway is a traditional neighbourhood of the city of Bergen in Hordaland county , Norway .
Paralar is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Yevhen Tarasenko (; born 3 March 1983 in Cherkasy , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for the Ukrainian Premier League club Chornomorets Odesa .
Donald Agu is a retired Nigerian football player .
Gazik Rural District is a rural district in Gazik District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Siyavashan is a village in Siyavashan Rural District , in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Sediq Zehi is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kulan Kuh is a village in Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Barkuh Rural District is a rural district in Kuhsorkh District , Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Nowdeh, Ashtian is a village in Siyavashan Rural District , in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Gilan Deh, Ardabil is a village in Kalkharan Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Eresk Rural District is a rural district in Eresk District , Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sringaravelan is a 2013 Malayalam comedy film directed by Jose Thomas and scripted by Udayakrishna - Siby K. Thomas .
Only the Wind is a 1961 German crime film directed by Fritz Umgelter and starring Freddy Quinn , Gustav Knuth and Heinz Weiss .
The Terror of the Tongs is a 1961 Hammer Film directed by Anthony Bushell and starring Geoffrey Toone , Christopher Lee and Yvonne Monlaur .
Mount Emily is a mountain in the Klamath Mountains of southwestern Oregon in the United States .
I Was a Male War Bride is a 1949 comedy film directed by Howard Hawks and starring Cary Grant and Ann Sheridan .
House of 1000 Corpses is a 2003 American exploitation horror film written , co - scored and directed by Rob Zombie in House of 1000 Corpses directorial debut .
Born in Khon Kaen Province , Thailand , Panna Rittikrai started out in the movie business in 1979 as a physical trainer for actors in Bangkok .
Kandithankulam is a village near Ponnagudi in Tirunelveli district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Rebecca Skloot has taught creative writing and science journalism at the University of Pittsburgh , New York University , and the University of Memphis .
Eravangudy is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Heimborn is an " Ortsgemeinde " – a community belonging to a " Verbandsgemeinde " – in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Waltz of Love is a 1930 German musical film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and starring Lilian Harvey , Willy Fritsch and Georg Alexander .
Kashk, Khoshab is a village in Tabas Rural District , in the Central District of Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Emil Valtchev ( , born February 23 , 1950 ) is a Bulgarian former volleyball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Practically Yours is a 1944 comedic film made by Paramount Pictures , directed by Mitchell Leisen , written by Norman Krasna , and starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray .
Ab Barg is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh-ye Mallu is a village in Khuzi Rural District , Varavi District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
Khaneqah, Ardabil is a village in Hir Rural District , Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Firuzabad, Kurdistan is a village in Lak Rural District , Serishabad District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mahmudabad, Ardabil is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District , Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Born and raised in Cedar Rapids, Iowa , James E. Bromwell attended Andrew Johnson Elementary School in Southeast Cedar Rapids .
On Secret Service is a 1933 British thriller film directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring Greta Nissen , Karl Ludwig Diehl , Don Alvarado and Austin Trevor .
Emlembe is located in the east uKhahlamba ( or Drakensberg ) mountain range , on the border with South Africa .
Sotunki is a district of the city of Vantaa , Finland .
Terror Train is a 1980 slasher film directed by Roger Spottiswoode in Terror Train directorial debut and starring Jamie Lee Curtis , Ben Johnson , and Hart Bochner .
Wirta Pata is a mountain in the Andes of Peru and the name of a lake near the mountain .
In a Valley of Violence is a 2016 American western film written and directed by Ti West .
Diablo fuerte is a 1925 Chilean silent film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque .
Thalheim, Aargau is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Woh College Kay Din is a 2009 Urdu movie from Pakistan , directed by Ali Ahmad , written by Nasir Adeeb and produced by Faisal Rehman .
Arakapady is a village in the Ernakulam district of Kerala , India .
Do Hezar Rural District is a rural district in Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Eddelu Manjunatha is a 2009 Indian Kannada language film written and directed by Guruprasad , and produced by journalist and director V. Sanath Kumar .
Khezri Dasht Beyaz is a city in Nimbeluk District , in Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kuzhandhaigal Kanda Kudiyarasu is a 1960 Indian Tamil language film , directed by B. R. Panthulu .
Hoseynabad, Khomeyn is a village in Ashna Khvor Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Everything Put Together is a 2000 drama film directed by Marc Forster starring Radha Mitchell , Megan Mullally and Louis Ferreira .
Shanghai Noon is a 2000 American - Hong Kong martial arts western comedy film starring Jackie Chan , Owen Wilson and Lucy Liu .
Yossi Matias is on the computer science faculty at Tel Aviv University , and previously a research scientist at Bell Labs and a visiting professor at Stanford .
Gambyapur is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
Something in the City is a 1950 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Richard Hearne , Garry Marsh and Ellen Pollock .
The Horse Soldiers is a 1959 war film set during the American Civil War directed by John Ford and starring John Wayne , William Holden and Constance Towers .
Elbow Peak is a peak in Antarctica , high , located at the southernmost bend of the Berquist Ridge in the Neptune Range of the Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
Hidkal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Maddy was born in Freetown , Sierra Leone , where Yulisa Pat Amadu Maddy grew up and was educated until the age of 22 .
Firuzi, Bavanat is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District , Sarchehan District , Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Jadwiga Janus was born in Stadnicka Wola , Poland.1957 - graduated from the Jan Matejko Academy of Fine Arts in Kraków , under professor Xawery Dunikowski .
Ee Thanutha Veluppan Kalathu is a 1990 Malayalam mystery thriller film written by Padmarajan and directed by Joshiy .
Kedanur is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka , India .
Sisman has taught at the University of Michigan and Harvard University , as well as Columbia University where Elaine Sisman currently teaches , having joined the faculty in 1982 .
Our Friends, the Hayseeds is a 1917 Australian rural comedy from director Beaumont Smith .
Watch on the Rhine is a 1943 American film drama directed by Herman Shumlin , starring Bette Davis and Paul Lukas .
Alangudi, Nagapattinam is a village in the Mayiladuthurai taluk of Nagapattinam district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Karizan-e Sofla is a village in Shaskuh Rural District , Central District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Macho like Me is a documentary film directed and performed by Helie Lee .
Chinnapallinayanpalayam is a village in the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district , Tamil Nadu , India .
My Life to Live is a 1962 French New Wave drama film directed by Jean-Luc Godard .
Altun-e Olya is a village in Sara Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Rome-Paris-Rome is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Aldo Fabrizi .
Nuran, Ardabil is a village in Balghelu Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Ukrainsk is a city in Selydove municipality , Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Chinna Gollapally is a Panchayat in Ranga Reddy district , Telangana , India .
Balkonda is a village and a Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India .
Bhuvasan is a village in the Surat Metropolitan Region , part of the Bardoli Taluka in Surat district of the Indian state of Gujarat .
Mackenzie Crook also wrote and directed and starred in the British television comedy series " Detectorists " , which was first broadcast on BBC Four on 2 October 2014 .
Mohammadi, Khuzestan is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chahar Kulan is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District , Hati District , Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ole Hannibal Sommerfelt was decorated as a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog , the Order of Vasa and the Order of the Polar Star .
Aralihonda is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
In 1794 , Kaspar Anton Karl van Beethoven moved from the family home in Bonn to Vienna , where Ludwig had moved not long before .
Diphoorn is a village in the Netherlands and Diphoorn is part of the Coevorden municipality in Drenthe .
Located in the Pyrenees , in the border between France and Spain , Pic de Noufonts has an elevation of above sea level .
Sardar Kahdun is a village in Shahi Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Halligeri is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
They Gave Him a Gun is a 1937 American crime drama film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Spencer Tracy , Gladys George , and Franchot Tone .
Dust Mohammad is a city in and the capital of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Nahr-e Meseyyer is a village in Abshar Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bhandara Halli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Assaye is a small village in the Jalna district of the state of Maharashtra in western India .
Vedavijayapuram is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Mohammad Firouzi ( Born 1958 Tehran ) is a prolific Iranian musician , whose primary instrument is the barbat .
Kiniye is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka , India .
Hammuda Pasha Bey , died 1666 was the second Bey of the Tunisian Muradid dynasty .
Curry and Pepper is a 1990 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Blackie Ko and starring Jacky Cheung and Stephen Chow .
Frieschepalen is a village in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Baburdi is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra , India .
Naghan Rural District is a rural district in Naghan District , Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Qaleh-ye Now-e Kavar is a village in Kavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kavar County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Desperadoes is a 1943 Technicolor Western film directed by Charles Vidor and starring Randolph Scott , Claire Trevor and Glenn Ford .
Kamatage is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka , India .
Durak Qanbari is a village in Shalil Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
In My Skin is a 2002 New French Extremity film written by , directed by , and starring Marina de Van .
The Secret Lover is a 1941 Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Alida Valli , Fosco Giachetti and Vivi Gioi .
Nargur is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Palamel is a village in Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala .
Ruydar is a city and capital of Ruydar District , in Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
True as a Turtle is a 1957 British comedy film directed by Wendy Toye and starring John Gregson , Cecil Parker , June Thorburn and Keith Michell .
Young Widow is a 1946 drama film directed by Edwin L. Marin , starring Jane Russell and Louis Hayward .
Shockproof is a 1949 American film noir directed by Douglas Sirk and starring Cornel Wilde and Patricia Knight .
Wayra Lupi Qullu is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia .
Buffington Island is an island in the Ohio River in Jackson County , West Virginia Near the town of Ravenswood , United States , east of Racine , Ohio .
Bhogerr Mong is a village and union council ( an administrative subdivision ) of Mansehra District in Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Kamal Rud Rural District is a rural district in Qolqol Rud District , Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Hindasgeri is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
A Tremendously Rich Man is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Steve Sekely and starring Curt Bois , Dolly Haas and Adele Sandrock .
Auwa is a village in the Marwar Junction tehsil of Pali district in Rajasthan , India .
Kannugudi East is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Kokkayar is a village in Azhutha block of Peerumedu taluk in Idukki district , Kerala , India .
Chenkol is a 1993 Indian Malayalam-language drama film directed by Sibi Malayil and written by A. K. Lohithadas .
Baqerabad, Divandarreh is a village in Hoseynabad-e Shomali Rural District , Saral District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tal Hajj Ali is a village in Hati Rural District , Hati District , Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chimes at Midnight , is a 1965 English - language Spanish - Swiss period comedy - drama film directed by and starring Orson Welles .
G.I. Blues is a 1960 American musical comedy film directed by Norman Taurog and starring Elvis Presley , Juliet Prowse , and Robert Ivers .
The Hour Before the Dawn is a 1944 American drama war film directed by Frank Tuttle starring Franchot Tone and Veronica Lake .
Bandalemoor is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district , Telangana , India .
The Archangel is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani and starring Vittorio Gassman .
Band-e Qara is a village in Barrud Rural District , Kuhsorkh District , Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Believers is a 1987 American neo - noir thriller-horror film directed by John Schlesinger , released in 1987 and starring Martin Sheen , Robert Loggia and Helen Shaver .
Central Connecticut State University is a regional , comprehensive public university in New Britain, Connecticut , United States .
Blood Beach is a 1981 American horror film written and directed by Jeffrey Bloom , and starring David Huffman , John Saxon and Burt Young .
Bronco Billy is a 1980 American film starring Clint Eastwood and Sondra Locke .
Gediminas Gelgotas ( born 12 June 1986 in Vilnius ) is a Lithuanian composer , conductor and self - performing artist .
El Tigre Airport is an airport serving El Tigre , a town in the state of Anzoátegui in Venezuela .
Karim Moharab is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Gajaminhal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Shammeh is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Koulgudd is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka , India .
Bianco, rosso e Verdone is an 1981 Italian comedy film directed and starred by Carlo Verdone , playing three characters .
Rupaidiha is a village in Bahraich district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh , near the India - Nepal border across from Nepalgunj .
Bombay 405 Miles stars Vinod Khanna , Shatrughan Sinha and Zeenat Aman in pivotal roles .
Humphry Bowen attended the Dragon School , gaining a scholarship to Rugby School and then a demyship to Magdalen College, Oxford .
Razin, Ahar is a village in Bozkosh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Amaram is a 1991 Indian Malayalam drama film directed by Bharathan and written by A. K. Lohithadas .
Repi, Iran is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Gordon A. Bubolz graduated from Lawrence University , the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and received Gordon A. Bubolz law degree from University of Wisconsin Law School .
A Tale of the Wind is a 1988 French film directed by Joris Ivens and Marceline Loridan .
Sorkhanabad is a village in Qaravolan Rural District , Loveh District , Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Richard Pengelley is an Australian former water polo player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Devuni Yerravally is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district , Telangana , India .
Luther Williams Field is a baseball stadium in Macon, Georgia .
Miss World Germany is a national Beauty pageant in Germany to select an official candidate for the Miss World pageant .
I Vitelloni is a 1953 Italian comedy - drama directed by Federico Fellini from a screenplay by Fellini , Ennio Flaiano and Tullio Pinelli .
Intent to Kill is a 1958 British film noir thriller film directed by Jack Cardiff and starring Richard Todd , Betsy Drake and Herbert Lom .
Agrajan is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Dennis Joseph .
Mahmudabad, Andika is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Santa Fe Stampede is a 1938 American " Three Mesquiteers " Western film directed by George Sherman and starring John Wayne , Ray Corrigan , and Max Terhune .
Uski Roti is a 1969 Hindi film directed by Mani Kaul .
Gavar Qaleh is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District , Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kadima Mungusso is an Angolan football player .
Aq Bolagh-e Rostam Khani is a village in Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Too Much Johnson is a 1938 American silent comedy film written and directed by Orson Welles .
Munyoro Nyamau is a former Kenyan athlete and winner of the gold medal in the 4 × 400 m relay at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Gobernador Gregores Airport , is an airport in Gobernador Gregores , Argentina .
Norn iron works was an industrial community in Sweden , near Hedemora in Dalecarlia , within the present - day Hedemora Municipality .
Cockfighter is a 1974 film by director Monte Hellman , starring Warren Oates , Harry Dean Stanton and featuring Laurie Bird and Ed Begley Jr.
William David McCain attended Delta State University , received an MA from The University of Mississippi , a Ph.D. from Duke , and an honorary L.D.
Korovin Volcano is the highest point on Atka Island in the Aleutian Islands chain Alaska , United States .
7 Khoon Maaf is a 2011 Indian psychological thriller film directed , co - written and co - produced by Vishal Bhardwaj .
Poonthottam is a 1998 Tamil language film directed by Kalanjiyam .
Nahr-e Sheykh is a village in Buzi Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Cage of Gold is a 1950 British drama film directed by Basil Dearden and starring Jean Simmons , David Farrar and James Donald .
Lavij Rural District is a rural district in Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Milton Lewis was a United States Marine Corps corporal who received a posthumous Navy Cross for Milton Lewis actions in the Battle of Tulagi during World War II .
Raoul De Keyser was a Belgian painter who lived and worked in Deinze , Belgium .
Quncha Urqu is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about high .
Steelyard Blues is a 1973 American comedy crime film directed by Alan Myerson and starring Donald Sutherland , Jane Fonda and Peter Boyle .
Wadner Bk is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra , India .
Madaram is a census town in Adilabad district in the Indian state of Telangana .
Pizzo Barone ( 2,864 m ) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps in Switzerland .
Meppayur is an important place and town in Kozhikode district of Kerala state , South India .
Banda Yeh Bindaas Hai is an unreleased Bollywood comedy film directed by Ravi Chopra , starring Govinda , Salman Khan , Tabu , Lara Dutta , and Boman Irani .
Sharanlu is a village in Gavdul-e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Eino Puri ( born 7 May 1988 in Tartu ) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Norwegian Second division club Nybergsund - Trysil .
Mount Faget is a mountain , high , northwest of Mount Adam in the Admiralty Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Aksharathettu is a 1989 Malayalam film directed by I. V. Sasi , starring Suresh Gopi , Mukesh , Jagathy Sreekumar , and Urvasi .
Wicked Little Things is a 2006 zombie horror film directed by J. S. Cardone and stars Lori Heuring , Scout Taylor-Compton and Chloë Grace Moretz .
Kadankoppa is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
The Man with One Red Shoe is a 1985 American comedy film directed by Stan Dragoti and starring Tom Hanks and Dabney Coleman .
Keelakolathur is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Cheshmeh Mir Hasani is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Rayen is a city and capital of Rayen District , in Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Devanakonda is a mandal in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Gloria Victoria is a 2013 3-D anti - war animated short by Theodore Ushev , produced in Montreal by the National Film Board of Canada .
Kelardasht ( , also Romanized as Kalārdasht ) is a city and capital of Kelardasht District , in Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Lee Chan-dong is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Jeju United in K League 1 .
Hattar Gunji is a village in khanapur Talukha and Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Kordi Kola is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Chennapur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Gjemselund Stadion is a football stadium in Kongsvinger , Norway and the home ground of Kongsvinger Idrettslag .
Kalliguddi is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka , India .
Tappeh Rash Kalashi is a village in Howmeh - ye Sarpol Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Durgadakeri is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
Magic Trip is a 2011 documentary film directed by Alison Ellwood and Alex Gibney , about Ken Kesey , Neal Cassady , and the Merry Pranksters .
Tirumala is a census town in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Kathiramangalam, Thanjavur district is a village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of Thanjavur district in Tamil Nadu , India .
Zarrestan is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hemmatabad, Sari is a village in Miandorud - e Kuchak Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Martin Callaghan is an Australian former water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Farewell, Home Sweet Home is a 1999 French comedy film directed by Otar Iosseliani .
Sangrumba साङरुम्बा is a town and Village Development Committee in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal .
They Who Dare is a 1954 Second World War war film directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Dirk Bogarde , Denholm Elliott and Akim Tamiroff .
Hirenandihalli is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Eripurakarai is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Yasukand is a city and capital of Korani District , in Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Pelguranna is a subdistrict in the district of Põhja - Tallinn in Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .
Georges Vereeken was born in Ghent , Belgium in 1896 and died in Brussels in 1978 .
Nandigama is a town in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Bad Subject is a 1933 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia and starring Vittorio De Sica .
The Boss of It All is a 2006 Danish comedy film written and directed by Lars von Trier .
Gugan is a city and capital of Gugan District , in Azarshahr County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Oshtorinan Rural District is a rural district in Oshtorinan District , Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Uppiliapuram ( also spelt as Uppiliyapuram ) is a panchayat town in Tiruchirappalli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Stand Up, Virgin Soldiers is a 1977 British film directed by Norman Cohen and starring Robin Askwith and Nigel Davenport .
Sorkh is a village in Yam Rural District , Meshkan District , Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sham Asbi is a village in Balghelu Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Le Cailar is a commune in the Gard department in southern France .
Eslam Tappeh, Golestan is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District , Gomishan District , Torkaman County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Mille Soya , is a 2004 Sri Lankan Sinhala romantic musical film , written , produced and directed by Boodee Keerthisena .
Sudaghlan is a village in Yateri Rural District , in the Central District of Aradan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Yaramale is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Allqa Walusa or Allqawalusa is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about high .
Itha Oru Snehagatha is a 1997 Indian Malayalam romance film , written and directed by Captain Raju .
Kavuluru is a village near Vijayawada and Kondapalli in the Krishna district of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Alanpallam is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Queen of Moulin Rouge is a 1926 Austrian silent comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Mady Christians , André Roanne and Livio Pavanelli .
15 Maiden Lane is a 1936 American crime film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Claire Trevor , Cesar Romero , and Lloyd Nolan .
Montagne du Charbon is a mountain in the Bauges in Savoie , France .
Horse Feathers was written by Bert Kalmar , Harry Ruby , S. J. Perelman , and Will B. Johnstone .
Sefidkuh Rural District is a rural district in Samen District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Hattidubba is a Bayarban village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south - eastern BayarbanKeroun VDC nepal in Nepal .
Down Mexico Way is a 1941 American Western film directed by Joseph Santley and starring Gene Autry , Smiley Burnette , and Fay McKenzie .
Jai Veeru is a Hindi action film directed by Puneet Sira , and starring Fardeen Khan , Kunal Khemu , Dia Mirza , Arbaaz Khan and Anjana Sukhani .
Flecha de oro is a 1940 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and starring Pepe Arias and Gloria Grey .
Haranj is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Vittoria Puccini ( born 18 November 1981 in Florence , Italy ) is an Italian film and television actress .
Godin, Bissiga is a town in the Bissiga Department of Boulgou Province in south - eastern Burkina Faso .
Gavin Gunning was born in Dublin on 26 January 1991 and attended St Benildus College in the Kilmacud area of the city .
Loretta Dorman is an Australian former field hockey player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Qasemabad, Masjed Soleyman is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Shahr-e Khafr is a village in Khafr Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Nurabad, Qazvin is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Martin Vahl studied botany at the University of Copenhagen and at Uppsala University under Carl Linnaeus .
Bangebar is a village in Layl Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Dehdez is a city and capital of Dehdez District , in Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Werdenberg Castle is a castle in the municipality of Grabs of the Canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
Five from the Jazz Band is a 1932 German musical comedy film directed by Erich Engel and starring Jenny Jugo , Rolf von Goth and Fritz Klippel .
Kemal Kurt ( 29 October 1947 in Çorlu , Turkey - 21 October 2002 in Berlin , Germany ) was an author , translator and photographer .
Tashan District is a district in Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District is a rural district in Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Himatnagar or Himmatnagar is a municipality in Sabarkantha district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Wayen-Zam is a town in the Zam Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso .
Karaiyavetti is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Nandalur is a village in Kadapa district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Dharugapuram is a panchayat Village in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Born in Cambridge, Massachusetts , Frederic Henry Hedge was the son of Harvard University professor of logic and metaphysics Levi Hedge .
Tegerfelden is a municipality in the district of Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Gasland is a 2010 American documentary written and directed by Josh Fox .
Qaleh-ye Abdollah Beygi is a village in Shesh Pir Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Tarsali is a census town in Vadodara district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Jonava Airport also known as Rukla or Gaižiūnai Airfield (; ICAO : EYRU ) was a military airfield in Lithuania located southeast of Jonava .
Bardwad is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
A Little Chaos is a 2014 British period drama film directed by Alan Rickman .
Bahar, Markazi is a village in Jushaq Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Haddadan is a village in Seyyedan Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Julio Montero Castillo represented the Uruguay national football team in the 1970 FIFA World Cup ( playing in all six matches ) and the 1974 FIFA World Cup .
Gorgeh is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chanch is a village in Molekhal tehsil of Almora district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand .
What a Wonderful Game is a 1995 Russian drama film directed by Pyotr Todorovsky .
Ab Chendar, Chelo is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
New Jersey Route 152 152 is a state highway in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Trent Franklin is an Australian water polo player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Dhaderkoppa is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
A Life of Her Own is a 1950 American melodrama film directed by George Cukor and starring Lana Turner and Ray Milland .
Giyan is a city and capital of Giyan District , in Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Devanur is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Takht-e Zangi is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Balawad is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Mount Cross is a mountain in Antarctica , high , standing northeast of King Ridge in the Anderson Hills , in the central Patuxent Range of the Pensacola Mountains .
Pir Kuh-e Olya is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
B.Shigigatti is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
Bagol is a village in the Desuri tehsil in the Pali district of Rajasthan , India .
Soula, Gnagna is a town in the Coalla Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso .
Born in Metz , France , Gorius started Julien Gorius career at FC Metz since he was five and progressed through the youth team and reserve side .
Bolakadabi is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Fayyazabad is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Aliyanilai is a village in the Aranthangi revenue block of Pudukkottai district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Amirabad, Tolbozan is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hussainganj is a Village and Town of Fatehpur district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Ernst Kunwald was born and died in Vienna .
Born in Florence , Italy , he took Giulio Racah degree from the University of Florence in 1930 , and later studied in Rome with Enrico Fermi .
The Secret Heart is a 1946 film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and starring Claudette Colbert , Walter Pidgeon and June Allyson .
Kamankesh is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District , Kamareh District , Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Samarqand District is a district of Samarqand Region in Uzbekistan .
Chilamur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Tazeh Kand District is a district in Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Hoseynabad, Shamkan is a village in Shamkan Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Girl from Barnhelm is a 1940 German historical comedy film directed by Hans Schweikart and starring Käthe Gold , Ewald Balser and Fita Benkhoff .
Akulivik Airport is located southwest of Akulivik , Quebec , Canada .
The Middle Branch of the Middle Branch Mad River is a long mountain brook on the Maine-New Hampshire border in the United States , within the eastern White Mountains .
Ragbi is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
All the Way to Paris is a 1965 South African comedy film directed by Jamie Uys and starring Uys , Bob Courtney and Reinet Maasdorf .
Blanche Montel was born in Tours , France and died in Luzarches , France .
Jairo Arias Serna ( born 2 November 1938 ) was a Colombian footballer .
Amirabad Ganji is a village in Qomrud Rural District , in the Central District of Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Bagansky District is an administrative and municipal district , one of the thirty in Novosibirsk Oblast , Russia .
In the Realms of the Unreal is a 2004 documentary film directed by Jessica Yu about American outsider artist Henry Darger ( 1892–1973 ) .
Hattialur is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Saleh Kutah is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hanna Karttunen ( born in Oulu , Finland ) is a Finnish professional Latin American and exhibition dancer .
The Starlit Garden is a 1923 British silent romantic film directed by Guy Newall and starring Newall , Ivy Duke , Lawford Davidson and Mary Rorke .
Qeshlaq-e Qazi is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District , Sarshiv District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tanzan Ishibashi was born in Tokyo and graduated from Waseda University .
Silent Heart is a 2014 Danish drama film directed by Bille August , and starring Ghita Nørby , Morten Grunwald , Paprika Steen , and Jens Albinus .
Ab Garm, Isfahan is a village in Zefreh Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Marsden Park, New South Wales is a suburb of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Jakabal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Asharikandi is a village in Debitola development block in Dhubri district of Assam , India .
Kushkak, Sepidan is a village in Shesh Pir Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Lady Escapes is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Eugene Forde and starring Gloria Stuart , Michael Whalen , George Sanders and Cora Witherspoon .
Birth of the Blues is a 1941 American musical film directed by Victor Schertzinger and starring Bing Crosby , Mary Martin and Brian Donlevy .
Vovkovyntsi is an urban - type settlement in the Derazhnia Raion of Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine .
Joel Pohjanpalo was born in Helsinki , Finland where Joel Pohjanpalo played for HJK before Joel Pohjanpalo was loaned to Bayer 04 Leverkusen at age 19 in 2013 .
Nahr-e Seyyed is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Going Berserk is a 1983 comedy film starring John Candy , Joe Flaherty , and Eugene Levy and directed by David Steinberg .
Lingmoor Fell is a fell in the English Lake District , situated eight kilometres ( five miles ) west of Ambleside .
Whoso Is Without Sin is a 1916 British silent drama film directed by Fred Paul and starring Hilda Moore , Milton Rosmer and Flora Morris .
Rayamangalam is a village ( " Grama punchyathu " ) in the Ernakulam district of Kerala state , India .
A Room for Romeo Brass is a 1999 British comedy - drama film directed and written by Shane Meadows .
Seydun is a city and capital of Seydun District , in Bagh-e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Jafarabad Rural District is a rural district in Jafarabad District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Woman in the River is a 1939 drama film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Hertha Feiler , Attila Hörbiger and Oskar Sima .
Andrea Molino ( born in 1964 in Turin , Italy ) is an Italian composer and conductor .
Jahiz Khaneh is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Brice de Nice is a 2005 French comedy film directed by James Huth , written by Huth , Jean Dujardin , and Karine Angeli , and starring Dujardin .
William Duhurst Merrick later graduated from Georgetown University in Washington, D.C.
Qareh Khan-e Sofla is a village in Buzi Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Najm-e Divan is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District , Minu District , Khorramshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Francisco Checa is a Panamanian former basketball player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Gopalapuram, Thanjavur is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Lavar, Bastak is a village in Kukherd Rural District , Kukherd District , Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Aurora Venturini was born in 1922 in La Plata , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Deglur ( also locally known as Degloor ) is a town and a municipal council in Nanded district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Bazeh is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Oskar Backlund was born in Länghem , in Västergötland , Sweden and graduated from Uppsala University in 1872 .
Red Tavern is a 1940 Italian comedy film directed by Max Neufeld and starring Alida Valli , André Mattoni and Lauro Gazzolo .
Karazhma is a small village in the Alappuzha district of Kerala , India .
Bletoppen is a mountain in Tinn , Telemark , Norway , and is the highest point in the mountain area Blefjell .
Tepa-ye Olya is a village in Bazoft Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Five Cities of June is a 1963 American short documentary film directed by Bruce Herschensohn .
Ruydar Rural District is a rural district in the Ruydar District of Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Ganashatru is a 1990 Indian film directed by Satyajit Ray .
Huseyn Arablinski , born Huseynbala Mammad oglu Khalafov ( 1881 , Baku – 17 March 1919 , Baku ) , was an Azerbaijani actor .
Elena Lunda was born in Palermo , Italy and died in Rome , Italy .
Obiettivo ragazze is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring the comic duo Franco Franchi and Ciccio Ingrassia .
Mahur-e Chah Gandali is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Devargudihal is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
Sorlagondi is a village in Nagayalanka mandal of Krishna district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Qahan Rural District is a rural district in Khalajastan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Bendalgatti is a village in Dharwad district of Karnataka , India .
Luxor International Airport is the main airport serving the city of Luxor , Egypt .
Rachid Neqrouz played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup and at the 1998 FIFA World Cup .
This Is Spinal Tap is a 1984 American mockumentary directed and co - written by Rob Reiner .
Kalvan, Markazi is a village in Esfandan Rural District , in the Central District of Komijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Muhammed Ikram is a Pakistani footballer , who is a member of Pakistan national football team .
Shur Dasht Rural District is a rural district in Shara District , Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Katiperi is a village in Chowdepalli mandal , Chittoor district , Andhra Pradesh , India .